---
title: "DAY 1"
date: 2021-09-15
categories:
---


## Water

My name is Nitin. I am trying to fight my writer's block for 21 days.
Hope I will win this war.  

Be water, my friend, Be water. 2 years back a close friend of mine introduced me to this Bruce lee quotes. Respond like water does, soft, fierce and normal depending on the situation. But what does she mean when she told me this. We were just two teenagers hanging out in the streets on a Saturday morning when the climate is not so hot and the beach is empty with just a few people. We could see the sunrise and the water started touching our feet, I think it's not sure whether to completely make contact with us or to just touch and leave. Just like us in our teenage years. Movies say teenage and college days are the best moments of our life and we tend to believe in it. The fact is it's subjective, isn’t it? The chemicals keep changing in our brain and hormones play with our bodies. We are not kids, not adults, we tend to be both sometimes, It was one such moment. She says the response is the choice we can make and insisted I behave as water does. Like always, I looked at her to find answers from what she is uttering and that is when I found one. We as teenagers face certain consequences and react to them the way we see in the stories we hear, But the truth is why not respond to it the way we need to without giving them much importance. You put water in a freezer it becomes ice, there is no conflict there. We put it in a bowl and heat it until it evaporates. But we as humans undervalue or overvalue the situations destiny puts us in and tend to buy a conflict by not surrendering to it. So I asked her If I should accept and move on. I felt a slap on my head on the back and that’s when I hear these words from her “when I say you to be water, that doesn’t mean to accept the situation and move on but to mould yourself and wait for your opportunity. 