---
title: "DAY 2"
date: 2021-09-16
categories:
---

There is a whole lot difference in those two things, it's us who needs to chose what to be and what not to…”
Just then a dying wave without any prior notice, not to blame it though because we were lost in our conversation, hit us so badly that both our jeans is wet with salty ocean water in less than few seconds therefore we remained to stay anyways because there nothing more we could do about it, The day started getting hotter and hotter as we decided to walk back to our homes with pockets full of sand and pants dripping wet. I never liked the ocean before, I don’t know why, maybe because I know the water is salty and not fresh, maybe because I wasn’t born and brought up in a city which has one, But it felt nice to be there that day, reasons unknown. It's not like I hate water or something, I love drinking it in the morning right after I wake up, I love hot showers and from today until unless a crab is walking into my pants I’m okay with staying at the beach without judging whether the water is salty, not so clean and all. I have changed, haven’t I? I judge a little less now, At least I stopped condemning one out of the million things I usually do. Today when I look at it standing alone at the shore, thanks to the pandemic and social distance I still can feel the presence of that favourite person whenever a dying wave touches my feet. Nothing remained constant, not the person I come here with nor the Person I’m but if I keenly notice and think of what's been constant it’s the ocean, I mean it's constant for all these freaking years not scientifically but to our naked eye, Isn’t it? Maybe now it starts making sense, it is not about the girl I spoke about nor the habits of mine nor the personality type I possess but the unique factor I love about water. It's true, beautiful, maintains the flow, never stops and waits for its day to destroy its opponents breaking into their defence system built with bricks and cement. That’s it, I figured out what a friend of mine told me.