---
title: "DAY 4"
date: 2021-09-18
categories:
---

## HOME

A place where we are all imperfect, but if one day you find an urge to leave it behind for some greater purpose, Would you?
Okay, what is the dream that possessed you? Couldn't you think of an alternative so that you get to stay at home, if not let's talk about it? You are scared ain’t you? If not why would you talk about this in the first place? Leaving home is not that hard. Everyone does it for IIT preparations, new jobs and other reasons. What is that bothering you? Okay, now I understand you are not talking about the place you lived through your childhood but your childhood itself. You are scared of being an adult and dealing with things rationally keeping economic benefits in mind. What do you do now? I have a plan. Stick to your childhood you call your home and move out of it only when you feel like it. Deal? But what if I am never planning to or what if it throws me out of it just like my materialistic one. Will I be homeless again? Like a bee that went out for honey and when returned back found a cemented bricks in the place of its nest. Like a pigeon that built its nest and when one evening returns back to find nothing where its nest used to be? What do they do? They find a new place and build a new nest or they cry upon their destroyed homes. Of course, they might have been on the journey of building a new home but not after they successfully build one. Let me do it now. No problem if I have no roof over my head but let me build a new one in the forest for which the journey is difficult I know but safety is guaranteed. Is it guaranteed then? Answer me? What if some wild animal destroys my nest by climbing on the branches. Okay, Let me take an oath now. I will keep building new homes and keep travelling long distances until I no longer can. That is what I believe life is. Not staying in a home but building one whenever we need one.