---
title: "DAY 3"
date: 2021-09-17
categories:
---


## Competition


How old are we when we are introduced to this word. 10, 12 or much younger than that? We were programmed at that age to compete with our peers. Today I came across a guy who scored 100% in JEE mains, I do not know him in person nor I don’t iterate anything from this news but what surprised me is that he took four attempts to get 100% whereas scores from his previous attempts were around 98% and 99%. I leaned back for a moment to realize a teenager gave away 3 additional years in his life to get 100% in some competitive examination. I mean we all know JEE is one of the toughest examinations, but Come on, brilliant minds like this who are good at academics are running behind 100% for years and innovative minds are pushed back due to their lack of percentage in academics. Teenage is a gentle period in one’s life if we are subjected to the rat race and abused competition to get grades and percentage only, I would like to stress on the word only here because a student nearly goes into quarantine if he has to prepare for some competitive examination, No sports and no family gathering allowed until he secures a good percentile or rank. Where are we heading to? A society that is going to shove down our throats the fear of failure and embarrassment. Who should we blame? Parents, relatives, teachers or neighbours sons who stood first in the district. I would like to propose a ranking system for every citizen of this country. Is he doing his job correctly, what is his score of the month, Is he standing at the top among his peers? Let me instead of preaching to them what to do and what not to, make them stand in student shoes and ask them to quarantine themselves until they get salaries in their bank accounts, on that we will celebrate and then they must quarantine themselves until next month’s salary. Dear so-called adults and educated elders in the society are you in this game.?